The 23rd Congress, the first such event since Nikita Khrushchev's ousting, the Presidium reverted to its previous name; Politburo. Mikoyan and Nikolai Shvernik, the two oldest members, were not reelected to the Presidium, while Arvīds Pelše became the only Presidium débutant.[1] While Brezhnev may have been General Secretary, he did not have a majority in the Presidium; when Kosygin and Podgorny agreed on policy, which was not often the case, Brezhnev found himself in the minority. Brezhnev could only count on three to four votes in the Presidium: Suslov, who often switched sides, Kirilenko, Pelše and Dmitry Polyansky.[2] Brezhnev and Kosygin often disagreed on policy; Brezhnev was a conservative while Kosygin was a modest reformer. Kosygin, who had begun his premiership as Brezhnev's equal, lost much power and influence within the Presidium when he introduced the 1965–1971 Soviet economic reform.[3] After the reshuffling process of the Presidium ended in mid-to-late 1970, the Soviet leadership evolved into a gerontocracy, a form of rule in which the rulers are significantly older than most of the adult population; this meant that fewer up-and-comers were promoted to top party positions.[4]Face Off Unlimited is an improvisational comedy production company based in New York City. In 2003, Jay Painter and Eric Robinson founded Friday Night Face Off, a weekly improvised comedy show in Port Jefferson, New York featuring two teams of comedic improvisers engaged in a mock competition, a concept originated by TheatreSports. Friday Night Face Off (often abbreviated as FNFO) has since become the longest continuously running improv comedy shows in Long Island history.[1] In 2009, Painter and Robinson formed Face Off Unlimited, A Limited Liability Company, and brought on former FNFO creative director Joe Tex as Partner and Chief Operating Director.

Face Off Unlimited produces various comedy stage shows, has a writing division who specializes in creating content for robots, video games, and iOS applications, including French robotics company, Aldebaran Robotics and it's NAO and Pepper humanoid robots. Face Off offers multi-level improv and writing classes and workshops that utilize techniques of improvisation and creative ensemble.

In 2010 Face Off Unlimited opened Face Off University at The Secret Theatre in Long Island City, New York, offering classes on improvisation and their approach to the art form. Since 2014, they have moved their school to Face Off Unlimited Headquarters in Astoria, Queens.

On January 10, 2011, Face Off debuted their live Japanese game-show comedy in New York City's East Village called Face Off Unlimited presents BATSU! Translated from the Japanese word for "penalty game", BATSU! was named one of the "Best Things To Do In NYC" by CBS New York[2] and was made a Time Out New York 2011 Critics' Pick and an official Village Voice, Voice Choice.[3] BATSU! was also called "one of the most entertaining...nights in NYC" by Backstage Magazine.[4] BATSU! is now in its 7th year.

Face Off Unlimited co-produced the 2011 and 2012 Queens Fringe Festival in partnership with the Long Island city Arts Open, featuring the All Day Improv Festival. The All Day Improv Festival featured UCB Theatre house team Standard Oil, iMusical: The reunion Show!, and International Stinger, a comedy team from Chicago founded at the Playground Theatre.

In 2013 Face Off Unlimited partnered with radio personality and writer Lyle Pinder to create the In The Room podcast. Former guests, called roommates, include actors Tyler Posey, Joel Murray, Academy Award Winner Jim Rash, Broadway actor and star of Frozen, Josh Gad, Canadian comedian Scott Thompson, and YouTube star Lloyd Ahlquist, better known as EpicLLOYD.

In 2014 Face Off Unlimited opened The NYC Improv Face Off in Times Square at Times Scare. Improv Face Off features Face Off's best and brightest stars. Also, in 2014, Face Off opened Face Off's 11th Hour Improv Show, which features the newest and rising stars in the Face Off company.

2014 also saw successful runs of Face Off Unlimited Presents Goon River, a completely improvised storytelling experience in complete darkness, and NADS, an improv comedy meets Magic Mike that boasted the hottest men in comedy.

Their premier show, an original improvised musical and comedy show called A Whole 'Nother Level, toured the country in numerous colleges and festivals between 2012 and 2017. A Whole 'Nother Level was created and stars the three Face Off Unlimited partners Joe Tex, Jay Painter, and Eric Robinson. The show was called a "Can't miss act" by the Huffington Post for the 2011 Chicago Improv Festival and won 2nd place in the Harrisburg Don't Break The Streak Improv Festival in 2012. Nitelife Magazine called A Whole 'Nother Level "Nothing short of brilliant!"

On June 10, 2016, Face Off Unlimited opened BATSU! Chicago in the upstairs Hachi Lounge at Kamehachi at 1531 N Wells, St, in Chicago's Old Town. Chris Jones of the Chicago Tribune gave the show 3 stars and called it "Gonzo" while adding BATSU! to his coveted, Chris Jones Recommends list.[5] The Chicago Sun-Times says the crowds "roared with laughter" and "wows" [6]

In 2017, FOU created their BATSU! Tour Co after signing with Metropolis Management [7]

Also in 2017, Face Off Unlimited launched FOU STUDIOS,[8] a full-service video and podcast production company based at FOU Headquarters.

Notable Face Off alumni include Christopher Hahn, Political Pundit and host of the Christopher Hahn Show on LI News Radio 103.9fm, actor Joe Tex, of BATSU! best known for Brain Games, actor Jay Painter of BATSU! and Brian Games, actor Eric Robinson of BATSU!, actor Luis Jimenez, award-winning Broadway dancer and choreographer Hettie Barnhill, singer-songwriter Dan Barry, screenwriter and radio host Lyle Pinder, actor Victoria Cartagena, Emmy Award winner TJ Moss, Broadway World's winner of Best Duo Too Blondes Chase O'Donnell.
